stage 1 pre-boss

Poyo: Damnit, these flying midgets are hard to handle...
Poyo: I swear, if that blonde woman doesn't keep her promise and take me home, I'll make sure she never sees the light of day again.

???: Not if I have anything to say about it!

Poyo: ...I'm sorry, who are you? No offense, but you look like you have as much muscle as an hospitalized old man.
Poyo: Not to mention how you look like a child...
Rumia: Didn't we meet a few minutes ago?
Poyo: A few minutes ago, I was fighting for my life against midgets who are the size of a pencil in pure darkness.
Rumia: That must be common everytime you go to work out here, right?
Poyo: I'm not from here. This obese woman kidnapped me to do her bidding, because her other slave failed.
Rumia: Is that so~?
Rumia: Hopefully, she won't mind if you become my dinner.
Poyo: Surprisingly, she didn't eat me before you came along.

stage 1 post-boss

Poyo: And it wasn't like I'd let you either, numbnuts.

stage 2 pre-boss

Poyo: Sheesh... I can feel the cold from below me all the way up here.
Poyo: If I fall, I'd die in an instant.
Poyo: How long is this lake anyway...

Cirno: Long enough for me to freeze you!
Poyo: FOR FUCK'S SAKE. HOW MUCH CHILDREN ARE THERE!?
Cirno: Hey! You're supposed to be afraid! Not mad!
Poyo: Oooh! Shiver me timbers! A little girl with blue hair going to FREEZE ME!!
Poyo: Is that better?
Cirno: Yes!
Poyo: ...Don't you know what sarcasm is?
Poyo: Forget about that, your brain is probably the size of a walnut.
Cirno: Quit it! I'm tired of your complaints!
Cirno: I'm going to freeze you, right here, right now!
Poyo: I should have brought my flamethrower with me. I want to see you burn.

stage 2 post-boss

Poyo: Phew... That fight warmed me up.
Poyo: Now, I gotta get out of here before another child comes to play and then eats shit.

stage 3 mid-stage
???: Damn. Time for my last stand formation!
Poyo: I am going to cripple you if you DON'T GET BACK HERE RIGHT THIS INSTANT.

stage 3 pre-boss
Meiling: Ugh... You're persistent, you know that?
Poyo: I just want this to be over with. Tell me where's the mist maker.
Meiling: What mist maker?
Poyo: You know which one. The one in the mansion that you so conveniently led me to.
Meiling: I led you to the mansion?
Meiling: ...Oh. I did.
Poyo: Yeah, you did. Now hurry up and tell me.
Meiling: You think I'll tell you just like that?
Meiling: Besides, what are you gonna do? You look so young.
Poyo: Yeah, and you look like a freak who belongs in a zoo of crazy people.
Poyo: Seriously... That smile your giving off makes you look like you belong in a mental asylum.
Meiling: That's enough talking from you.
Meiling: The mistress is getting hungry, and you'd be perfect to serve.
Poyo: DAMN. At this point, I might as well become a cannibal.

stage 3 post-boss
Poyo: Alright, show me where they are.
Meiling: I'm so sorry, mi-
Poyo: SHOW ME WHERE THEY ARE, YOU CRAZY FUCK.

stage 4 pre-boss
Poyo: ...It's so damn dark. Somehow even darker than a few hours ago.
Poyo: It feels like I earned a natural sense of night vision of sorts...
Patchouli: You, the red-black one!
Patchouli: There is no rampaging around in my study.
Poyo: Dude. There's RACISTS in the MANSION.
Patchouli: Err... No, I was saying that because of your clothes.
Poyo: I was fucking with you, I don't really care.
Poyo: I deal with racism on the daily. Do you know how much people put their money on the counter with a long retractable hand?
Patchouli: ???
Poyo: Right, you're not from Fuckadork.
Patchouli: Who names a village Fuckadork? Why do I feel magic coming from a person like you? What are you...?
Poyo: Forget about all that. Are you the mist maker?
Patchouli: What do you need from the mistress?
Poyo: I need to beat her ass, so she can stop all this, so I can head home.
Poyo: I had a long day, and this is just adding onto it.
Patchouli: Then, I absolutely cannot let you see her.
Poyo: Ah, boohoo. I'm going whether you like it or not.
Poyo: Her ass is going to be kicked to the point where she can't feel it.
Patchouli: Not if I have anything to say about it.
Poyo: You ain't gonna do SHIT.

stage 4 post-boss
Poyo: ...I noticed you had a hard time breathing.
Patchouli: Yes, I do, why...
Poyo: Would you like an inhaler?
Patchouli: What's that?
Poyo: Just take it and put it against your mouth, then press the pump on top down.
Patchouli: ...
Patchouli: The mistress is all the way on top. She's the one who's causing all this.
Poyo: Why?
Patchouli: She prefers the dark.
Poyo: What a wonderful reason.
Patchouli: But be careful.
Patchouli: There is someone in the mansion who likes to mess with time and space.

stage 5 pre-boss:
???: You! Move out of the way!
???: I can smell the dirt off of you.
Poyo: How about YOU move out of the way?
Poyo: I need to go see the mist maker.
Sakuya: You mean the mistress, don't you?
Poyo: Yes. I'm trying to get her to stop all this.
Poyo: I'm trying to get back home.
Sakuya: Ah. You may not pass.
Sakuya: The mistress rarely sees people.
Poyo: Oh wow, can't believe your mistress is a chud.
Sakuya: What's a chud?
Poyo: You.
Sakuya: The mistress is not me.
Poyo: Well, alright. Can you atleast try to stop her?
Sakuya: Ask the mistress yourself.
Poyo: Ma'am. Sister. Girl. You just stopped me.
Poyo: Whatever. I'm going through, and you can't stop me.
Sakuya: ...I had enough of you. You won't meet the mistress.
Sakuya: I'll make it take as long as it can.

stage 5 post-boss
Poyo: Alright. Fuck out the way, it's time I finish this once and for all.
Sakuya: ...He doesn't even use magic, so how did he stop me...?

stage 6 sakuya dialogue
Sakuya: We're not done yet.
Poyo: Yes we are.
Sakuya: No we aren't.

stage 6 pre-boss
Poyo: Alright. Final stretch.
Poyo: SHOW YOURSELF, YOU COWARDLY BITCH.
Remilia: Quite the words for a young man like you, no?
Remilia: Where are your parents?
Poyo: Home. A place I can't go to until' I stop you.
Remilia: Mmmm... And who is forcing you to do this?
Poyo: I can't say, I'm signed under an NDA.
Remilia: Right.
Remilia: But I'm not gonna stop for someone as foolish as you.
Remilia: Not to mention how young you look.
Poyo: LOOK WHO'S TALKING.
Remilia: Don't you know I'm a thousand years old?
Poyo: I could SWEAR THAT YOU ARE 6 YEARS OLD.
Remilia: Really? I take that as a compliment.
Poyo: How do you even look so young?
Remilia: I'm a vampire. Vampires don't age as rapidly.
Poyo: Whatever. Please stop all this.
Remilia: No. Not for you.
Poyo: If not for me, then I'll have to make you.
Remilia: Someone as puny and unfortunate as you isn't gonna make me.
Poyo & Remilia:
	Looks like this is going to be a fun night.
	Looks like this is going to be a disappointing night.